We would like to create a simple simulation of an aeroplane travelling to various destinations. An aeroplane may travel to a single destination, which will cover a certain distance. It may also travel to multiple destinations over the course of a single day. Moreover, it can repeat its daily journeys over a number of days. After the aeroplane travels a certain distance, it is a requirement for it to be inspected for repairs, as a safety precation. This process takes 7 days, during which time the aeroplane cannot fly.
Make your aeroplane simulate its journeys in a single day, by doing the following:
Print the name of your aeroplane and the journey start destination (which is destination1) and the journey end destination, which is destination2. Make your aeroplane take a single flight to destination2. Then, print this single journey's distance and the total distance travelled by your aeroplane. Finally, print your aeroplane's current location coordinates.
Print the name of your aeroplane and the journey start destination (which is now destination2) and the journey end destination, which is destination3. Make your aeroplane take a single flight to destination3. Then, print this single journey's distance and the total distance travelled by your aeroplane. Finally, print your aeroplane's current location coordinates.
Print the name of your aeroplane and the journey start destination (which is now destination3) and the journey end destination, which is destination2. Make your aeroplane take a single flight to destination2. Then, print this single journey's distance and the total distance travelled by your aeroplane. Finally, print your aeroplane's current location coordinates.
Print the name of your aeroplane and the journey start destination (which is now destination2) and the journey end destination, which is destination1. Make your aeroplane take a single flight to destination1. Then, print this single journey's distance and the total distance travelled by your aeroplane. Finally, print your aeroplane's current location coordinates.

Now, repeat the aeroplane's daily schedule of four single flights (as specified in the previous question) over 120 days. Guidelines for this are as follows:
Print the current day's number. Then, print the total distance travelled by the aeroplane up until the start of the day.
Now make your aeroplane complete it's daily schedule of four single flights. However, the daily schedule should only begin if the aeroplane has not travelled so far a total distance that it needs to be sent for repairs. When the aeroplane does need to go for repairs, it must not take any flights for 7 days and its total distance travelled is reset to 0.
Once the 120 days have been completed, print out the number of times that the aeroplane had to undergo repairs.

